According to Geeksforgeeks.com’s article on socio-technical systems, socio-technical systems have 5 interconnected components, and these 5 components are People, Hardware, Software, Laws and Regulations, and Data. Naturally, the ethical quandary of a retailer selling your personal information for profit intersects with all 5 of these components. 
People are obviously involved, as there are individuals who are having their data sold, perhaps without their knowledge, and are still an important stakeholder even if they consent to their data being sold. The other ‘people’ that are stakeholders in this scenario are companies, namely the one’s selling the data, and the one’s buying it. 
The only tangible hardware components at play in this scenario is the hardware used to acquire the user’s data, which can just be the servers if the transaction happens over the internet, or it can be the physical hardware components in a store that are used to complete the transaction between the individual whose data is being sold and the company that is harvesting that data. 
The software involved is just the underlying code that controls the machines used in the data harvesting process. 
Laws and regulations can be very important in this scenario because of the potentially questionable legality of the harvesting of the user’s data, doubly so if this data collection is done without the knowledge of those who are having their data stored and sold. 
At this point, it should be fairly self explanatory how data is involved in this ethical quandary, as it is the commodity that is being given to the company by the customer, and the commodity that the company is turning around and selling to interested parties. 
